some light editing to get this page to standard (#1548)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/timescaledb-edition-comparison.md

---

## TimescaleDB Apache 2 and TimescaleDB Community Edition

There are two versions of TimescaleDB available:

*   TimescaleDB with an Apache 2 licence
*   TimescaleDB Community Edition

The TimescaleDB Apache 2 Edition is the version of TimescaleDB that is available
under the [Apache 2.0 license][apache-license]. This is a classic open source license,
meaning that it is completely unrestricted - anyone can take this code and offer it
as a service.

### TimescaleDB Apache 2 Edition

You can install TimescaleDB Apache 2 Edition on your own on-premises or cloud
infrastructure and run it for free.

You can sell TimescaleDB Apache 2 Edition as a service, even if you're not the
main contributor.

You can modify the TimescaleDB Apache 2 Edition source code and run it for
production use.

TimescaleDB Apache 2 Edition is available from these service providers:

*   [Azure Database for PostgreSQL][azure-database]
*   [Digital Ocean][digital-ocean]
*   [Aiven for PostgreSQL][aiven]

### TimescaleDB Community Edition

TimescaleDB Community Edition is the latest, most updated version of TimescaleDB,
available under the
[Timescale License (TSL)][timescale-license].

> For more information about the Timecale licence, see [this blog post][license-blog].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about the Timescale licence, see [this blog post][license-blog].
```

Many of the most recent features of TimescaleDB are only available in
TimescaleDB Community Edition.

> You can install TimescaleDB Community Edition in my own on-premises or cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install TimescaleDB Community Edition in your own on-premises or cloud
```

infrastructure and run it for free. TimescaleDB Community Edition is completely
free if you manage your own service.

You cannot sell TimescaleDB Community Edition as a service, even if you are the
main contributor.

You can modify the TimescaleDB Community Edition source code and run it for
production use. Developers using TimescaleDB Community Edition have the "right
to repair" and make modifications to the source code and run it in their own
on-premises or cloud infrastructure. However, consistent with the previous

> question, users may not make modifications to the TimescaleDB Community Edition

Reviewer: There aren't any questions anymore so this is a bit confusing ;)

Author: oof, missed that bit 🤦‍♀️

> on-premises or cloud infrastructure. However, consistent with the previous
> question, users may not make modifications to the TimescaleDB Community Edition

Author: ```suggestion
on-premises or cloud infrastructure. However, you cannot make 
modifications to the TimescaleDB Community Edition
```
